Fix example for ability to use Jaeger exporter only (#100)
apache/camel-quarkus-examples: observability/README.adoc

The tracing configuration for the application can be found within `application.properties`.

> Default configuration uses OTLP exporter, but it can be easily switched to Jaeger exporter with applying this change in `application.properties`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration uses the OTLP exporter, but it can be easily switched to the Jaeger exporter by applying this change in `application.properties`:
```

Author: Fixed, thanks @jamesnetherton
